Added docs section for starting contributors (#4456)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/contribute/environment-setup.mdx

Reviewer: Should we also include alternative approaches here, such as using Remote Development containers or GitHub Codespaces? These approaches handle a lot of the manual steps mentioned in this page for contributors and can help remove the friction to getting started.

Author: We'll ... I don't have any experience with remote dev 😅 So I'm not quite sure what to put here

Reviewer: OK, let's make sure we create an issue to add alternative approaches so we don't forget about it and hold up this PR, we can always iterate after.

    - Make sure the option 'Copy the `main` branch only' is selected.
3. Clone the forked repository to your local machine using Git. Execute the following command in your terminal: `git clone [repository URL]`.

> For more insights about forking a repository, refer to the [GitHub Docs - Fork a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository) guide.

### Setting up your Local Project

After you've cloned your fork onto your device, navigate to the project directory and execute the following commands to get the project running.

1. Run `npm i` to restore all project dependencies.
2. Run `npm run build` to build the entire project.
3. Run `npm link` to create a link/reference to your local project. This allows you to reference your locally installed CLI instead of the npm-hosted package.

That's it! If you run `m365 version` now, you will see that you are using the beta version of CLI for Microsoft 365 in your shell!

:::tip

If you have installed the CLI globally using the `npm i -g @pnp/cli-microsoft365` command, we recommend that you uninstall it, using `npm un -g @pnp/cli-microsoft365`, before running `npm link`.

:::

> ## Visual Studio Code extensions

Reviewer 2: An extension we could add: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=unifiedjs.vscode-mdx

Although you can use any IDE, we recommend using Visual Studio Code. When using VS Code, the following extensions will come in handy:

Extension | Why is it useful?
--- | ---

> [Test Explorer UI](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hbenl.vscode-test-explorer) | This extension provides a graphical user interface for running tests and viewing the results. It also allows you to debug tests directly from the editor.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we should since this extension is being installed automatically when installing `Test Explorer UI`.

# Setup your Development Environment

Setting up your local copy of the project for development and testing is essential. Follow the steps below to configure your environment.

:::info "Install prerequisites"

> Before you start contributing to this project, you will need **Node.js@18** and **npm@8** installed.

Reviewer: Minor thing but we usually drop `.js` when referring to a specific version on node.

```suggestion
Before you start contributing to this project, you will need **node@18** and **npm@8** installed.
```

1. Navigate to the [CLI for Microsoft 365](https://github.com/pnp/cli-microsoft365) repository.
2. Fork this repository. On the GitHub repository page, click the "Fork" button to create your own copy of the repository.
    - Make sure the option 'Copy the `main` branch only' is selected.
3. Clone the forked repository to your local machine using Git. Execute the following command in your terminal: `git clone [repository URL]`.

> For more insights about forking a repository, refer to the [GitHub Docs - Fork a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo#forking-a-repository) guide.

### Setting up your Local Project

After you've cloned your fork onto your device, navigate to the project directory and execute the following commands to get the project running.

1. Run `npm i` to restore all project dependencies.
2. Run `npm run build` to build the entire project.
3. Run `npm link` to create a link/reference to your local project. This allows you to reference your locally installed CLI instead of the npm-hosted package.

That's it! If you run `m365 version` now, you will see that you are using the beta version of CLI for Microsoft 365 in your shell!

:::tip

> If you have installed the CLI globally using the `npm i -g @pnp/cli-microsoft365` command, we recommend that you uninstall it before running `npm link`.

Reviewer: Let's provide the uninstall command as well so we can help provide the next step.

:::

## Visual Studio Code extensions

Although you can use any IDE, we recommend using Visual Studio Code. When using VS Code, the following extensions will come in handy:

> Extension | Why is it useful?

Reviewer: We should also include `Test Explorer UI` extension in this list. The `Mocha Test Explorer` extension extends the functionality of the `Test Explorer UI` to support `mocha` tests.

https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hbenl.vscode-test-explorer

--- | ---
[Mocha Test Explorer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hbenl.vscode-mocha-test-adapter) | This extension helps you when writing tests. It can run individual tests and facilitate debugging. You also get a nice overview of all tests within the project.
[ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) | We use ESLint to ensure code consistency within the project. By installing this extension, you will be notified of problems while writing code.

## Npm Scripts

During your development, you will need a set of commands to test, run, and validate your code. The CLI for Microsoft 365 comes with a set of commands that you can use for each occasion.

Command | Description
------ | ---
`npm run watch` | Builds the entire project first. After this, a watcher will trigger an incremental build every time a file is saved. This means that only the changed files are rebuilt, not the entire project. **You typically use this command while developing**.
`npm run build` | Builds the entire project.
`npm run clean` | Cleans the output directory by deleting all built files.

> `npm run test` | Runs all tests and checks all ESLint rules. This is a combination of `npm run test:cov` and `npm run lint`. This command is executed in our GitHub workflows when creating a PR.
> `npm run test:cov` | Runs all tests and creates a coverage report.
> <nobr>`npm run test:test`</nobr> | Runs all tests.
> `npm run lint` | Runs all ESLint rules.

Reviewer: As tests, linting rules and code coverage checks are all executed when you run `npm run test`, I think we can ignore the sub commands that are called. First time contributors really just need to know how to watch, build and run tests IMO.

```suggestion
`npm run test` | Executes all tests and linting rules, also generates a code coverage report. This command is executed automatically when you raise a pull request.
```
